Add zilla dump command (#157)
aklivity/zilla-docs: src/reference/config/zilla-cli.md

## Commands

### zilla dump

::: info Feature Coming Soon <HopeIcon icon="fas fa-circle-right"/>
This is currently on the [Zilla roadmap](https://github.com/orgs/aklivity/projects/4). Star and watch the [Zilla repo](https://github.com/aklivity/zilla/releases) for new releases!
:::

The `zilla dump` command creates a `pcap` file that can be opened in Wireshark. Using the Zilla dissector plugin, Wireshark shows detailed information about the internal state of the current Zilla instance.

#### -a --affinity `<affinity>`

Only dump the frames that match the specified affinity mask.

#### -b --bindings `<bindings>`

Only dump the frames for the specified bindings.

#### -i --install `<plugin-directory>`

Install the dissector plugin `zilla.lua` to the plugin directory of Wireshark. This is only necessary if you run the `dump` command for the first time or if you want to update the plugin to the current version.

> To find the Wireshark plugin directory check here: About Wireshark -> Folders -> Personal Lua Plugins; or use this command: `tshark -G folders | grep "Personal Lua Plugins"`.

Reviewer: ````suggestion
To find the Wireshark plugin directory navigate the menu: About Wireshark -> Folders -> Personal Lua Plugins; or use this command:

```bash:no-line-numbers
tshark -G folders | grep "Personal Lua Plugins"
```

````

> To find out the plugin version check here: About Wireshark -> Plugins -> search: zilla; or use this command: `tshark -G plugins | grep zilla`.

Reviewer: ````suggestion
To find out the plugin version navigate the menu: About Wireshark -> Plugins -> search: zilla; or use this command:

```bash:no-line-numbers
tshark -G plugins | grep zilla
```

````
```
